Battlefield 3's real situation begins
Oops 1 cut Get 1 get
How is the car that be rubbed this time to the domination that have been added in closed Quarter
And 64 people server
Today is Alice, 64 people in Domination
There is only a premonition of chaos
So let's get Charlie right away
This is a full view from above, so please clear it first
Clearing is important, isn't it?
Yeah yeah yeah
It is a pity that guy to TatsuSen in front of the large enemy
Hmm
If so, please defeat in a single shot
No matter how wanted not occur also a miracle in what rounds shot I was one Oh squirrel world though it is before the eyes
There is an Aim force that can be obtained if you make an effort
I 've taken a shot field
It is a sound that is easy to collect points because you can take the field immediately if it is domination, but the enemy side is also soon
You have foot in his
Oops grenades have disappeared
If the flag is taken, it will not be accumulated points further with flap neutral transition flag dash
Or
The discovery it will rise skinny of class
Clearing ok Where did you go?
I'm hiding below I'm clearing ok Assault
Is there an enemy in front of you and where is the clearing ok?
ok ok I'll get back Charlie too
Please clear this time properly
I know I have no enemy shadow
Eeeeeee c 4 had been planted
I because it's Domination is a narrow capture the flag range
We can cover with c 4
I think c 4 is a foul at the base
In the case of Conquest, there was nothing like this
God is a common story
Hello from behind
It is mousse suppression Two nice people
Alice started to give up
Do not know
I guess I'm not a squad leader
Let's put out the target instruction
Next time I will go back to get Bravo down from here
Was not
I wonder if has come enemies that are Uchia' over there
It is a grenade to hurt Hashimoto
I got lost because I did not go ahead
I have to go to Takeno Port and I have to say it's like a reconnaissance
Charlie is attacked
Because there is nothing we Wow over powerless the happened of explosives
coo It looks like you've been so c 4 seems to be able to explode and get in the enemy
is
Should I give gimmick assistance soldier's more c Pau Hohou enemy
A family girl who snipers her husband
It was really a family thing
Let's go to Charlie next
I responded to you nearby
I was looking backwards
Was mentioned
It 's not something to Nante knife kills in this battleground
Again Charlie
oo why the scene
Will did not come struck with what that enemy soldiers surely to Kurushima boast just got
I wanted to
For now I can only say that this is not the case
I think that I have not had the opportunity to see the tap easily in front of my eyes, whether I've been over c 4
1Killghetto I'm reloading now
Didn't you wait until your fatigue was over?
I have a bad attitude and a feeling like that
The base seems to have just returned Charlie.
I can not go
Another one found
Do not come not come Do not come to
It is an ally
Are you a tab in such an easy-to-see place or broken right away?
I wonder if Modoroki organization's came on their own
Ah
By the way, I will recover my strength so much and let's add to Charlie's defense.
It seems that there are enemies in the north 4 passage.
I wonder if I can aim from here
Too many Ju shootings from the instruction'm here is pop around once
What are you doing alone ? Kohei
Soon there are fewer tickets
I can not afford to die in vain
Oh, it's coming
What do you do from the side not to die in vain
Or enemy of nothing because there is no reaction even if you press the yo w key I did not spot
When
I'm a mountain teaser next time I received tuberculosis resuscitation
Ah
Yes End team lost
It looks like it was Las kill Thank you for your viewing It was a disgraceful end the way